Improve Rewards command (#2634)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/references/cli_reference.rst

|  ``--lock-until``       | Enable re-staking lock until release period |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------+

**Stake Rewards Command Actions**

+----------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Action               |  Description                                                                  |
+======================+===============================================================================+
|  ``show``            | Show available and historical staking rewards                                 |
+----------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |  ``withdraw``        | Withdraw staking compensation from the contract to your wallet                |

Reviewer: I love the documentation changes <3  The command is much clearer now. Just a minor comment here:
```suggestion
|  ``withdraw``        | Withdraw unlocked tokens from the contract to your wallet                |
```

> |  ``withdraw``        | Withdraw unlocked tokens from the contract to your wallet                     |

Reviewer 2: We should update the text to account for fees as well, not just staking rewards.
